readme.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="public/images/brand.png" height="128">
  <h2 align="center"><a href="https://roadmap.sh">roadmap.sh</a></h2>
  <p align="center">Community driven roadmaps, articles and resources for developers<p>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps">
    	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9C%A8-Roadmaps%20-0a0a0a.svg?style=flat&colorA=0a0a0a" alt="roadmaps" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://roadmap.sh/best-practices">
    	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9C%A8-Best%20Practices-0a0a0a.svg?style=flat&colorA=0a0a0a" alt="best practices" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://roadmap.sh/questions">
    	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9C%A8-Questions-0a0a0a.svg?style=flat&colorA=0a0a0a" alt="videos" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCA0H2KIWgWTwpTFjSxp0now?sub_confirmation=1">
    	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9C%A8-YouTube%20Channel-0a0a0a.svg?style=flat&colorA=0a0a0a" alt="roadmaps" />
    </a>
  </p>
</p>

<br>

![](https://i.imgur.com/waxVImv.png)

Roadmaps are now interactive, you can click the nodes to read more about the topics.

### [View all Roadmaps](https://roadmap.sh) &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp; [Best Practices](https://roadmap.sh/best-practices) &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp; [Questions](https://roadmap.sh/questions)

![](https://i.imgur.com/waxVImv.png)

Here is the list of available roadmaps with more being actively worked upon.

- [Frontend Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/frontend) / [Frontend Beginner Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/frontend?r=frontend-beginner)
- [Backend Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/backend) / [Backend Beginner Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/backend?r=backend-beginner)
- [DevOps Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/devops) / [DevOps Beginner Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/devops?r=devops-beginner)
- [Full Stack Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/full-stack)
- [Computer Science Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/computer-science)
- [Data Structures and Algorithms Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/datastructures-and-algorithms)
- [AI and Data Scientist Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/ai-data-scientist)
- [MLOps Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/mlops)
- [QA Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/qa)
- [Python Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/python)
- [Software Architect Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/software-architect)
- [Game Developer Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/game-developer) / [Server Side Game Developer](https://roadmap.sh/server-side-game-developer)
- [Software Design and Architecture Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture)
- [JavaScript Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/javascript)
- [TypeScript Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/typescript)
- [C++ Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/cpp)
- [React Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/react)
- [React Native Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/react-native)
- [Vue Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/vue)
- [Angular Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/angular)
- [Node.js Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/nodejs)
- [GraphQL Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/graphql)
- [Android Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/android)
- [Flutter Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/flutter)
- [Go Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/golang)
- [Rust Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/rust)
- [Java Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/java)
- [Spring Boot Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot)
- [Design System Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/design-system)
- [PostgreSQL Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/postgresql-dba)
- [SQL Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/sql)
- [Blockchain Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/blockchain)
- [ASP.NET Core Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core)
- [System Design Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/system-design)
- [Kubernetes Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/kubernetes)
- [Cyber Security Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/cyber-security)
- [MongoDB Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/mongodb)
- [UX Design Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/ux-design)
- [Docker Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/docker)
- [Prompt Engineering Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/prompt-engineering)
- [Technical Writer Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/technical-writer)

There are also interactive best practices:

- [Backend Performance Best Practices](https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/backend-performance)
- [Frontend Performance Best Practices](https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance)
- [Code Review Best Practices](https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/code-review)
- [API Security Best Practices](https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/api-security)
- [AWS Best Practices](https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/aws)

..and questions to help you test, rate and improve your knowledge

- [JavaScript Questions](https://roadmap.sh/questions/javascript)
- [Node.js Questions](https://roadmap.sh/questions/nodejs)
- [React Questions](https://roadmap.sh/questions/react)

![](https://i.imgur.com/waxVImv.png)

## Share with the community

Please consider sharing a post about [roadmap.sh](https://roadmap.sh) and the value it provides. It really does help!

[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/badge/share%20on-reddit-red?logo=reddit)](https://reddit.com/submit?url=https://roadmap.sh&title=Interactive%20roadmaps,%20guides%20and%20other%20educational%20content%20for%20Developers)
[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/badge/share%20on-hacker%20news-orange?logo=ycombinator)](https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?u=https://roadmap.sh)
[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/badge/share%20on-twitter-03A9F4?logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/share?url=https://roadmap.sh&text=Interactive%20roadmaps,%20guides%20and%20other%20educational%20content%20for%20Developers)
[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/badge/share%20on-facebook-1976D2?logo=facebook)](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://roadmap.sh)
[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/badge/share%20on-linkedin-3949AB?logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?url=https://roadmap.sh&title=Interactive%20roadmaps,%20guides%20and%20other%20educational%20content%20for%20Developers)

## Development

Clone the repository, install the dependencies and start the application

```bash
git clone git@github.com:kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap.git
npm install
npm run dev
```

Note: use the `depth` parameter to reduce the clone size and speed up the clone.

```sh
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap.git
```

## Contribution

> Have a look at [contribution docs](./contributing.md) for how to update any of the roadmaps

- Add content to roadmaps
- Add new roadmaps
- Suggest changes to existing roadmaps
- Discuss ideas in issues
- Spread the word

## Thanks to all contributors ❤

 <a href = "https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap/graphs/contributors">
   <img src = "https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap"/>
 </a>

## License

Have a look at the [license file](./license) for details

Commit message:

Add get started page path

readme.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="public/images/brand.png" height="128">
  <h2 align="center"><a href="https://roadmap.sh">roadmap.sh</a></h2>
  <p align="center">Community driven roadmaps, articles and resources for developers<p>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps">
    	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9C%A8-Roadmaps%20-0a0a0a.svg?style=flat&colorA=0a0a0a" alt="roadmaps" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://roadmap.sh/best-practices">
    	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9C%A8-Best%20Practices-0a0a0a.svg?style=flat&colorA=0a0a0a" alt="best practices" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://roadmap.sh/questions">
    	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9C%A8-Questions-0a0a0a.svg?style=flat&colorA=0a0a0a" alt="videos" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCA0H2KIWgWTwpTFjSxp0now?sub_confirmation=1">
    	<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9C%A8-YouTube%20Channel-0a0a0a.svg?style=flat&colorA=0a0a0a" alt="roadmaps" />
    </a>
  </p>
</p>

<br>

![](https://i.imgur.com/waxVImv.png)

Roadmaps are now interactive, you can click the nodes to read more about the topics.

### [View all Roadmaps](https://roadmap.sh) &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp; [Best Practices](https://roadmap.sh/best-practices) &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp; [Questions](https://roadmap.sh/questions)

![](https://i.imgur.com/waxVImv.png)

Here is the list of available roadmaps with more being actively worked upon.

> Have a look at the [get started](https://roadmap.sh/get-started) page that might help you pick up a path.

- [Frontend Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/frontend) / [Frontend Beginner Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/frontend?r=frontend-beginner)
- [Backend Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/backend) / [Backend Beginner Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/backend?r=backend-beginner)
- [DevOps Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/devops) / [DevOps Beginner Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/devops?r=devops-beginner)
- [Full Stack Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/full-stack)
- [Computer Science Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/computer-science)
- [Data Structures and Algorithms Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/datastructures-and-algorithms)
- [AI and Data Scientist Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/ai-data-scientist)
- [MLOps Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/mlops)
- [QA Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/qa)
- [Python Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/python)
- [Software Architect Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/software-architect)
- [Game Developer Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/game-developer) / [Server Side Game Developer](https://roadmap.sh/server-side-game-developer)
- [Software Design and Architecture Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture)
- [JavaScript Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/javascript)
- [TypeScript Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/typescript)
- [C++ Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/cpp)
- [React Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/react)
- [React Native Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/react-native)
- [Vue Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/vue)
- [Angular Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/angular)
- [Node.js Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/nodejs)
- [GraphQL Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/graphql)
- [Android Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/android)
- [Flutter Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/flutter)
- [Go Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/golang)
- [Rust Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/rust)
- [Java Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/java)
- [Spring Boot Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot)
- [Design System Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/design-system)
- [PostgreSQL Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/postgresql-dba)
- [SQL Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/sql)
- [Blockchain Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/blockchain)
- [ASP.NET Core Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core)
- [System Design Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/system-design)
- [Kubernetes Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/kubernetes)
- [Cyber Security Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/cyber-security)
- [MongoDB Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/mongodb)
- [UX Design Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/ux-design)
- [Docker Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/docker)
- [Prompt Engineering Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/prompt-engineering)
- [Technical Writer Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/technical-writer)

There are also interactive best practices:

- [Backend Performance Best Practices](https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/backend-performance)
- [Frontend Performance Best Practices](https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance)
- [Code Review Best Practices](https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/code-review)
- [API Security Best Practices](https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/api-security)
- [AWS Best Practices](https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/aws)

..and questions to help you test, rate and improve your knowledge

- [JavaScript Questions](https://roadmap.sh/questions/javascript)
- [Node.js Questions](https://roadmap.sh/questions/nodejs)
- [React Questions](https://roadmap.sh/questions/react)

![](https://i.imgur.com/waxVImv.png)

## Share with the community

Please consider sharing a post about [roadmap.sh](https://roadmap.sh) and the value it provides. It really does help!

[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/badge/share%20on-reddit-red?logo=reddit)](https://reddit.com/submit?url=https://roadmap.sh&title=Interactive%20roadmaps,%20guides%20and%20other%20educational%20content%20for%20Developers)
[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/badge/share%20on-hacker%20news-orange?logo=ycombinator)](https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?u=https://roadmap.sh)
[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/badge/share%20on-twitter-03A9F4?logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/share?url=https://roadmap.sh&text=Interactive%20roadmaps,%20guides%20and%20other%20educational%20content%20for%20Developers)
[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/badge/share%20on-facebook-1976D2?logo=facebook)](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://roadmap.sh)
[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/badge/share%20on-linkedin-3949AB?logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?url=https://roadmap.sh&title=Interactive%20roadmaps,%20guides%20and%20other%20educational%20content%20for%20Developers)

## Development

Clone the repository, install the dependencies and start the application

```bash
git clone git@github.com:kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap.git
npm install
npm run dev
```

Note: use the `depth` parameter to reduce the clone size and speed up the clone.

```sh
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap.git
```

## Contribution

> Have a look at [contribution docs](./contributing.md) for how to update any of the roadmaps

- Add content to roadmaps
- Add new roadmaps
- Suggest changes to existing roadmaps
- Discuss ideas in issues
- Spread the word

## Thanks to all contributors ❤

 <a href = "https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap/graphs/contributors">
   <img src = "https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap"/>
 </a>

## License

Have a look at the [license file](./license) for details
