src/data/roadmaps/android/content/101-the-fundamentals/104-using-gradle.md, before:

# What is and how to use Gradle?

**Using Gradle**: Gradle is a powerful build system used in Android development that allows you to define your project and dependencies, and distinguish between different build types and flavors. Gradle uses a domain-specific language (DSL) which gives developers almost complete control over the build process. When you trigger a build in Android Studio, Gradle is the tool working behind the scenes to compile and package your app. It looks at the dependencies you declared in your build.gradle files and create a build script accordingly. Using Gradle in Android development requires continuous editing of the build.gradle files to manage app dependencies, build variants, signing configurations, and other essential aspects related to building your app. 

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [@video@Introduction to Gradle for Complete Beginners - 25minutes](https://youtu.be/-dtcEMLNmn0?si=NuIP-3wNpUrxfTxA)
- [@video@Gradle Course for Beginners - 55minutes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6Z-Sxb837I)
- [@article@Get going with Gradle - PDF](https://assets.gradlehero.com/get-going-with-gradle/get-going-with-gradle-book.pdf)

Commit message:

feat: daily.dev links (#5860)
* feat: add daily.dev link type

* feat: replace to feed label

* feat: add links to different pages

src/data/roadmaps/android/content/101-the-fundamentals/104-using-gradle.md, after:

# What is and how to use Gradle?

**Using Gradle**: Gradle is a powerful build system used in Android development that allows you to define your project and dependencies, and distinguish between different build types and flavors. Gradle uses a domain-specific language (DSL) which gives developers almost complete control over the build process. When you trigger a build in Android Studio, Gradle is the tool working behind the scenes to compile and package your app. It looks at the dependencies you declared in your build.gradle files and create a build script accordingly. Using Gradle in Android development requires continuous editing of the build.gradle files to manage app dependencies, build variants, signing configurations, and other essential aspects related to building your app.

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [@video@Introduction to Gradle for Complete Beginners - 25minutes](https://youtu.be/-dtcEMLNmn0?si=NuIP-3wNpUrxfTxA)
- [@video@Gradle Course for Beginners - 55minutes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6Z-Sxb837I)
- [@article@Get going with Gradle - PDF](https://assets.gradlehero.com/get-going-with-gradle/get-going-with-gradle-book.pdf)
- [@feed@Explore top posts about Gradle](https://app.daily.dev/tags/gradle?ref=roadmapsh)
